In this video, you will learn how you
can create websites like this with
animations. And I'll show you the exact
way to create and get the animation for
the background like these, get the
animation for the images, and also I'll
show you how to create this slip with
glass that you see here in the
background. So, in this video, you will
learn how you can create this within one
shot. I'm going to be using Lovable.
Feel free to use any AI builder that of
your choice. And the first step is to
actually find the inspiration for our
website. So, I'm going to go to
Pinterest and then just type something
like hero section or
just look through these and see any kind
of design style that I like. So,
basically, here is a lot of different
designs that look unique that does not
look like something from a template. So,
here is where we're going to be looking
for our inspiration today. So, I found
this. I really like this kind of design
style. Of course, it's not a website,
but we can make it into a website, and
I'll show you the exact way to do that.
So, for the background, I'm just going
to zoom in really close. I'm going to
expand this. And I'm just going to take
a screenshot of this. Let's make sure
that there is no other elements. Don't
worry if that the quality is low. We're
going to work with this image using AI.
And then I'm just going to go to Nana
Banana or whatever tool you're using. I
would not suggest going to this website.
This expensive. So go to directly to
Nano Banana and work with that. And here
I'm just going to upload this image.
And the prompt that I've used to get
this result was give me the background
of it. Exact
or buttons and the button on logos. Same
color creating of the background as in
shot but in higher quality. So this way
it will recreate this exact image but
using without text. So just by having
few results I like this result. So as
you can see the prompt is absolutely the
same. It just recreated this image. Then
I go to video. So go directly to the
cling link 3.0
and using cling 3.0 Oh, I had this
prompt which is fixed camera, locked
lens, no camera movements, ultra slow
cinematic motion, a very gentle breeze
move through the scene. And the result
was very cool animation effect, very
clean animation that I can now use on my
website and start building it. So for
the website, I'm going to go to Lovable
and to get a first draft of our hero
section, I'm going to go to a website
called motionsize.io. I this is a free
website. You can get a lot of different
hero sections here. So, I'm not I don't
need the video. I'm just going to copy
this uh UI elements cuz I like the uh
the liquid glass here. And I'm just
going to send that.
And while it creates, this is the
prompt. So, it just basically described
the fonts. It describes the background
video, which we're going to change
later. It describes also the liquid
glass. So this is the exact prompt that
will recreate this beautiful liquid
glass that you saw in the beginning of
the video. So let's wait and see what it
comes back with. And here is our
beautiful website. Let's preview it. As
you can see, we have this beautiful
animation. Now let's get the video that
we just generated with our AI. So I'm
going to open it. In your case, you
would need to upload it to any website
hosting platform video. I would suggest
monks.com. not affiliated but it is good
and I'm not affiliated with this website
either. So now let's just go to our
lovable site and let's say upload this
video uh to the background. Basically
just change the link of the video to be
this one.
So and let's just paste the link and see
what it comes back with. So this is what
we received. Obviously we can improve it
for better readability. But before that,
let's build the rest of the landing
page. So, I'm going to say build out the
rest of the landing page. So, I'm
building a web design AI agency landing
page. So, rewrite all of the text on
here to fit that but keep the same
number of characters as well as build
the rest of the landing page. So I
assume we would have a feature section,
a benefit section uh with a chess kind
of style where we have the content on
the left and then the picture on the
right and then on the bottom section we
have the section where the uh the
content is on the right and the picture
is on the left. So just two sections
like that. Then have some feature
section which would be a four cards
section. Then let's have a testimonial
section and maybe we would have some
stats and any other sections that you
think would fit about five to six
sections. Build that in the same style
that we already created in the hero
section. So the same colors, the same
fonts, the same styles for the buttons,
for the cards. This keep this liquid
glass. Keep the same sizes for the fonts
etc. And keep the background pure black.
Do not add any gradients. Do not add any
animation to the background. Just keep
it pure pure black.
Okay, that was a long prompt, but let's
just send that and see what it comes
back with. So then we can improving and
making our website look more beautiful.
And here is our beautiful hero section
with the next section which what we do
with this generated images which we're
going to replace with some video. Then
we have why choose us. This beautiful
icons with the liquid glass. And then we
have stats section loved by founders and
the the CTA section. As you can see it
looks much more better than what you
would get from AI generated results. And
mind you we just spent two prompts. So
in two prompts you would get this
beautiful results. To get it even more
beautiful I can go and take some more
videos from this section. For example, I
think this video looks pretty cool. I
can just copy this. I can paste into my
thing and I can find the video link
here.
So, here is the source video.
I'm going to copy that and I'm going to
go to our AI and I'm going to say in the
stats section, let's place this video as
the background of our section. Make the
video fade from the top and fade on the
bottom of the section so the transition
is not very visible. Place the video
behind the content.
And I'm going to paste the link here.
And let's wait and see what it comes
back with. This is what it created
because the voice recognition app says
let's place a video as a background of
our section, not not the start section.
So this is what we've got. I think it
still looks cool. We can place another
video there. Um, but for this images,
let's put a designs, actual designs
here. So, what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go to motion sides. I'm just
going to take any design and just going
to save image as
it's going to save as gift. GIF and I'm
going to say
let's place the this GIF in place of the
actually I like kind of this style.
Okay,
let's play this GIF in AI crafted
website that convert visitors instead of
laptop. Let's place this GIF
and in the section below intelligent
system that learn and adapt. Let's play
this gift. Second gift.
Let's place
this one.
And let's just upload these two gifts.
And for this section, I want to paste
another video. So, we're going to do
that as well.
Let's paste that. And let's find another
video that I'm going to paste there. So
maybe
maybe actually go to motion sites to
design rocket and find a video there. It
have way more videos.
So I think I'm going to take this one.
By the way, if you're not on Design
Rocket, I'd highly suggest join. I post
weekly uh exclusive tutorials that are
not on YouTube and you cannot find them
anywhere. How to build beautiful website
with spline, how to build beautiful
website with uh Gemini, how to find
clients, how to make money on Upwork.
Also, there was trainings which is the
full course that you can find here and
learn how to create websites like these.
There are also very large library of
templates that I'm adding weekly here
for AI tools. So, make sure to join. And
yeah, let's get back to our website. And
I'm going to say, yeah, as you can see,
we have this beautiful gifts here. And
for the next section, for the stats
section,
let's have this video as the background
of the stats section. Again, let's fade
it from the top and bottom. So, the
smooth smooth. And also, let's make this
video have zero saturation.
And let's just upload this and let's see
what it comes back with. And here is our
section. As you can see, it looks
really, really cool as well. So, for the
last section, let's add a video as well.
I think we can add let's go to video
backgrounds and let's add this video.
So, I'm going to say
for the CTA section, let's add this
video to as the background of the CTA
section.
bottom CTA section and let's just place
the link and see what it comes back
with. And here is the section with this
beautiful liquid glass button and also
the navbar is also very cool here. So
let's build another page. I'm going to
say
let's using I'm going to just copy that
prompt um the same styles that we had.
Oh, where is it?
Yeah, I'm going to copy this
and I'm going to set build out the about
us page
and I'm going to use the same style
five six sections or above our page.
And let's just wait and see what it
comes back with.
And here is our about page about us. As
you can see, it looks really cool as
well in the exact style as we need. Now
we can just add the background videos
from the motion uh or either from design
rocket or from motion sites and we'll
have beautiful website with all of
videos with beautiful typography text
just like that. In the next video, I'll
show you how to take that and how to
actually create a parallax effect. So,
we're going to create generate another
asset that will go on top of the video
and then we I'll show you how to create
revealing type of animation styles. So,
make sure to subscribe because this will
be the best tutorial on this channel.
I'll go in details how to create the
parallax, how to create all of these
beautiful elements, how to generate this
website. So, stay tuned. But it is very
important to actually make your landing
page sell. So before we finish this
video, I'm going to show you one
typography technique that would improve
the content on this website way way
better. So I'm going to say
let's go to homepage.
I'm going to say rewrite the text on the
on our website, but make sure it is
written in the style of apple.com.
use the same short sentences, the same
kind of premium look and just copy their
typography and copyrightiting frameworks
to write on our website.
So, this will basically improve our
text. Let's go to homepage. Make sure
we're here.
And I'm just going to paste this. And
let's see what it comes back with. Here
is our rewritten text. The website your
brand deserves. In my opinion, it's much
more clear what we do now. You dream it,
we ship it. Again, it causes a lot of
emotion. Pro feature zero complexity.
Designed to convert, build to perform.
It gets smarter automatically. The
difference is everything. Days, not
months. Obsessively crafted. Built to
convert. As you can see, it does call
more emotion and yeah, so just to give
an example of what you would receive if
you were not to use the prompt because
again AI is here and if you're not using
it, you will get replaced. So let's say
build me a AI web design agency landing
page.
So if we're just saying this, this is
the result that you would receive.
Again, AI will not replace you just now,
but the designers who use AI will
replace those who do not use because
this was created in 10 prompts.
And to create this with Figma and then
to build out a framework to animate this
and then to create about us page, it
would take you probably like a few days
at minimum, but we just created in less
than 15 minutes. So yeah, definitely
learn how to use AI and you'll get ahead
by far for the designers who do not use
AI or for people who just use AI but
without the skills that I'm teaching
you. Do not learn a lot. Just use the
skills. Just use the templates and the
prompts that I provided in this video
and get started building, get started
posting on Twitter. Just go on Twitter
and literally screen record whatever you
created and then just post it on Twitter
and say here is a created this using V3
or whatever animation technique that you
use. Just put whatever you created and
just the hero section as you can see I
did here and say liquid glass on the
website. it differently and then maybe
post and tag a company that you build a
website with for a chance that they will
repost your tweet or tag me. Again, I
said this before and I'm saying this
again. If you tag me,
I'm every day reviewing everybody who
posted something and if I see that
something looks good, I will just make a
repost of it like this guy. And yeah, so
make sure to do that to do that to grow
your Twitter account. But yeah, let's
look at what you would receive if you
were not using the prompts. This is the
result you would receive without
providing any sort of instruction. As
you can see, it looks really really AI
generated. Doesn't stand out with
nothing special using very standard
layout but just pro by providing a
little bit details. We're able to
achieve results like these. And also
it's not finished. We can of course make
it look much much better by adding some
kind of AI generated icons. I can go to
AI and I can say generate me some icons
in the style like of this button for
example or in the style of this images.
I can say make a similar image but in
3D. So definitely there is way more room
for improvement. Make sure to use all of
these tips and tricks and see you in the
next video. Thank you for watching.